Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like. (pixadel) Windows NT addresses 2 Gigabytes of RAM, which is more than any application will ever need. (Microsoft, on the development of Windows NT, 1992) Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it’s released. Beta is Latin for “still doesn’t work”. (Anonymous) You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy)

Java is, in many ways, C++–. (Michael Feldman) If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger W. Dijkstra) There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. (Alan J. Perlis) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout) A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer. (Bill Gates)

Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris. (Larry Wall) We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0. (Andy Pierson) Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++? (Richard A. O’Keefe) There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson)

Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed. (Bob Gray) Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Pablo Picasso) There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. (Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977) We will never become a truly paper-less society until the Palm Pilot folks come out with WipeMe 1.0. (Andy Pierson) The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry. (Henry Petroski)

Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed. (Bob Gray) If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. (Edsger Dijkstra) A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place. (IEEE Grid newsmagazine) A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don’t believe this to be a coincidence. (Jeremy S. Anderson)
